FAQUse: add why Tor icon warning triangle (#1290)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

![Wasabi Wallet Status Bar](/WalletSynchronizing.png "Wasabi Wallet Status Bar")
:::

:::details
### Why does the Tor status icon have a warning triangle?

> In case if the Tor network is having [issues](https://status.torproject.org/), Wasabi notifies this and displays it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case if the Tor network is having [issues](https://status.torproject.org/), Wasabi notifies this and displays a warning triangle.
```

For example, when Tor is experiencing a DDoS attack.
Hover over the icon with the cursor to display more information.

> ![Tor Status Icon DDoS](/TorStatusIconDDoS.png "Tor Status Icon DDoS")

Reviewer: The icon is not specific for DDoS attacks, therefore the name of the file shouldn't include `DDoS`.
